---
title: Blog Post 1
layout: post
author: emad.rafiq
permalink: /blog-post-1/
source-id: 1xIgNZiCs79g6osofZFXE54Hb5ZCr67SeHgxTDSuE__o
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Getting To Grips With The 'Fuze' Boxes</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>15/01/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Use a 'Fuze' Box.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To understand the Fuze program and how to set it up.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Partially, me and my partner, Josh, didn’t get round to completing Chapter 2 of the Fuze manual.  </td>
  </tr>
</table>


 

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt through working together as me and Josh would take turns in being the 'navigator' (telling the ‘committer’ what to do using the Fuze manual) and the ‘committer’ who would type code/commands into the Fuze keyboard which is connected to a computer's screen to display its code. This was also an extremely easy strategy as every 10 mins, the navigator and the committer would swap positions giving the other person a rest of typing/speaking.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We were limited in space as we had an enclosed working area. Also we didn’t have any coding skills and had to use the Fuze manual as the ‘Main’ guide. Me and Josh will need to work on getting more work in the lesson  and to remember to put the pen drive into the fuze keyboard before the lesson commences.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Me and Josh will each insert our pen drives into the  Fuze keyboard to save our work that we had done in the lesson. I will improve my learning by trying to understand the manual and the basics of coding (and possibly html).</td>
  </tr>
</table>


