---
title: Blog Post 12
layout: post
author: emad.rafiq
permalink: /blog-post-12/
source-id: 1iFDQ3eoND6E833H0Vuo0ORn081EQXE1cSVZ9r77QTWA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Python.</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>14/06/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continuing Python.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To continue Python.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>'Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


 

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by reading the instructions and following them through. This was an easy way to complete the Python programmes. There weren't any effective strategies that were actually effective or needed but the usual strategy of working each section by testing yourself and reading the instructions carefully whilst understanding them fully. Apart from that there weren’t any effective strategies needed and no other way to learn.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I was limited by my limited knowledge of Python, I had crossed Python before when searching for programmes to teach myself about html and code for free. Other things that limited my learning was the fact that I couldn’t work with someone else and had to keep to myself as the work set was independent. I need to work on completing tasks more quickly, as I took quite some time to complete one section in Python. This was constantly slowing me down.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try to change my attitude towards Python as I still find it extremely complicated and hard even though I have been trying to complete it, I also can’t seem to be able to understand it and complete the programmes speedily, but I will not give up on coding yet, I will try to change my view of Python and tackle this problem in another way. This is what I will try to change for next time. I will improve my learning by embracing the subject and doing additional work (of 30 mins at) home (this is h/w anyways) to understand what Python is. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


