---
title: Blog Post 9
layout: post
author: emad.rafiq
permalink: /blog-post-9/
source-id: 13PYOk5l5gbLS2xp_tTBZp_buC4WCpxOI4OMUAB7x79g
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze Boxes.</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>26/03/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>'Fuze' Box work. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Finish tasks set from the Fuze Box manual.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


 

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt through annoyance as I had missed last week's lesson. My partner had continued with another's partner and I didn't know what to do the very next lesson! That is why we didn’t achieve as much work as we expected. Me and Josh tried to do what it said in the manual, unfortunately it hadn’t worked as the 6 lights did not light up. We had been working on this for the whole lesson and it didn’t work at all    [ : ( ] !   Luckily, we still completed a considerable amount of work that was proven worthy. In the end we had to finish and we weren’t able to amend our mistakes. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We were limited by the catching up of work (on the lights) that I needed to do. Also the fact that me and Josh have not mastered the coding yet even though we had a whole term to! I needed to keep reminding myself to save our work regularly and try to understand / learn coding (html). Josh also needs to start saving our work onto his pen-drive just in case I am absent.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will sustain the amount of work that I completed each lesson as well as remembering to save my work on to the right file, as well as try to learn code. I’ll also try to keep myself busy by trying make my blog look attractive and try to lengthen each blog. Also, I am going to improve my learning by not getting distracted and being focused on the task at hand. I’ll try to write each blog carefully and with a lot of detail as that would (apparently) help me a lot in the coming days. Lastly, I will improve my learning by reading ahead of the manual to get me ahead of the sections (to increase quantity of work) an to LEARN CODE / HTM!!!  -_-    (Images / Videos below)   \/</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1DjdKBfkiPV342gRvv9MINCwALKT3qFR0/preview" width="640" height="480"></iframe>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/173gPsk7slxVrAn3m3OVBiGFCJfJtUef2/preview" width="640" height="480"></iframe>
