---
title: Blog Post 7
layout: post
author: emad.rafiq
permalink: /blog-post-7/
source-id: 1yG6Hqz8ZG9FEMnwebLNz1QEktmheEb1wIUZje4MQWfY
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze Boxes Continued.</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>12/03/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>'Fuze' Box work. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To complete tasks set from the Fuze Box manual.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes and I will continue to do so in each lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


 

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt through stress. My partner accidentally deleted our lessons work. Me and my partner had not done as much work that we intended to do due to the unfortunate event of the removal of (our lesson) work. This was the problem that made us restart the stage (in the Fuze manual). Luckily, we still completed a considerable amount of work that was proven worthy. In the end we moved onto the next section. Sadly, we could not make a start on the section that we just moved onto as the bell had gone and Josh and I had to save or work midway. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We were limited by the catching up of deleted work and the catching up part that we had to skim through (so that we could find where we were in the Fuze manual). Also the fact that me and Josh have not quite yet mastered the coding yet which lessened our chances of good quality work. I need to keep reminding myself to save our work safely onto the pen drive each time we complete a task so that we do not get rid of our Fuze work. Josh also needs to start saving our work onto another pen-drive (for him) just in case I am absent as then he wouldn't be able to continue on with our work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will sustain the amount of work that I complete in each lesson as well as remembering to save my work on to the right file. I’ll also try to keep myself busy by trying make my blog look even better (than it is) and edit the small errors that are dott over my blog. Also, I am going to improve my learning by not getting distracted and being focused on the task. I will try to write each blog carefully and with a lot of detail as that would help me a lot in the coming weeks (or months). Lastly, I will improve my learning by reading ahead of the manual to get me ahead of the sections (to increase quantity of work).  -_-</td>
  </tr>
</table>


