---
title: Blog Post 13
layout: post
author: emad.rafiq
permalink: /blog-post-13/
source-id: 1YVq2Fpk92439XVX3DdroPJJT3IrR0ZZpg9msQx1FGdE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Python.</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>14/06/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Python programme.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To finish the Python programme.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>'Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>NO!</td>
  </tr>
</table>


 

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by reading the instructions (as per usual) and following them through (as per usual). This was the way that I use complete the Python programmes. There weren't any effective strategies that were needed or effective but the usual strategy of working each section by testing it if it worked or not and reading the instructions carefully whilst understanding them fully. Apart from that there weren’t any effective strategies needed and no other way to learn.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I was limited by my limited knowledge of Python, I had crossed Python before when searching for programmes to teach myself about html and code earlier that same year, as well as other things that limited my learning was the fact that I couldn’t work with someone else and had to keep to myself as the work set to be independent. I needed to work on completing tasks more quickly, as I take quite some time when completing a section in the Python programme. This was constantly slowing me down and giving me a slight disadvantage. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try to change my attitude towards Python even though I find it complicated and hard, though I am going to keep trying to complete it, I also can’t seem to be able to understand it and complete the programmes speedily, but I won’t give up on coding, YET. I’ll try to change my view of Python and tackle this problem in another way. This is what I will try to change for next time. I will improve my learning by embracing the subject and doing additional work (of 30 mins at) home as per usual, this is h/w anyways, to understand what Python is all about! </td>
  </tr>
</table>


