---
title: Blog Post 2
layout: post
author: emad.rafiq
permalink: /blog-post-2/
source-id: 1eP--GhnqhgNgP4r3wW6AiagCHJEB2cMimEwCEbTMF0g
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Getting To Grips With The 'Fuze' Boxes (Part 2)</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>22/01/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Command a 'Fuze' Box.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To be able to command/control my Fuze Box with code.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Partially (AGAIN!), I had to go to AD1 for a meeting, this had an interference with my I.T. lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


 

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt through cooperation and frustration as me and my partner would say a command using the booklet and the committer would type. However, today, me and Josh were getting mixed up with the keys and typing the incorrect code into our Fuze Box (which interfaced with the computer screen, showing computer code as english). We soon came to a conclusion to just SLOW down. This made a considerable difference and me and my partner had completed a 'considerable' amount of work. This was an extremely effective strategy and Josh and I plan to use it in our future I.T. (Fuze Box) lessons.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We had limited space for work and the Fuze Box wasn’t as advanced in code as other computers. Also the fact that me nor my partner knew much about html lessened our chances of good quality work. I need to work on a easy habit to start remembering to save our work onto our group’s work onto the pen drive each time we had completed each piece of work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try to increase the amount of work completed in each lesson and I will also remember to keep working on my blog page (look). I will also challenge myself to do more on my blog page to make it look awesome ( :D ). I will improve my learning by learning from my mistakes and using them to help my future.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


