---
title: Blog Post 3
layout: post
author: emad.rafiq
permalink: /blog-post-3/
source-id: 1mZSce1236qJrx-mmFW9yoD2O_iWe_75mliHdFluvGk0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Getting With The Programme</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>05/02/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Typing Commands into a 'Fuze' Box.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To be able to type code into a Fuze Box.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes (and successfully), I had to go to AD1 for a meeting which turned out to be cancelled (15 mins wasted).</td>
  </tr>
</table>


 

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt through patience and frustration as me and my partner would say a command using the booklet and the other person would type in incorrectly. Me and Josh were getting mixed up with the keys and typing the incorrect code into our Fuze Box, so we decided to take turns at being both, the committer and reader. This was a helpful strategy that me and Josh plan to use it in the future.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We had limited space for work and the Fuze Box (AGAIN) wasn't as advanced in code compared to other computers around the world. Also the fact that me nor my partner had saved our work last lesson lessened our chances of good quality work. A habit I need to work on is an easy habit, "to start remembering to save my group’s work onto the pen drive" each time we had completed each piece of work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try to increase the amount of work completed in each lesson and I will also remember to keep bringing my pen drive to each lesson. I will also challenge myself to do more revision of html to boost my groups average amount of work. I will improve my learning by learning from my mistakes and using them to help me in the future.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


