---
title: Blog Post 10
layout: post
author: emad.rafiq
permalink: /blog-post-10/
source-id: 1g5DzcAOXZDai0CFLchq3LDHmdqQyHWlGm-tveIsfoGE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Python.</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>26/03/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Starting Python.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Learning to understand the concepts of Python.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>'Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Uncertain</td>
  </tr>
</table>


 

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by reading the instructions and following them through. This was an easy way to complete the set work. There weren't any effective strategies that were actually effective but the usual strategy of working each section by testing yourself. Apart from that there weren’t any effective strategies and no other way to learn.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I was limited by my limited knowledge of Python in the first place even though I have had a collision course with it in my history. Other things that limited my learning was the fact that I couldn’t work with someone else and had to keep to myself as the work set for independent studies anywhere. I need to work on completing tasks more quickly, I was taking a long time to complete one task in Python which was constantly slowing me down.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try to change my attitude towards Python as I find it extremely complicated and pointless, but I will not give up on I.T. so easily, I will try to change my view of Python. This is what I will try to change for next time. I will improve my learning by embracing the subject and doing additional work at home to understand what Python is. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


