---
title: Blog post 5
layout: post
author: emad.rafiq
permalink: /blog-post-5/
source-id: 1kh2N76mW8jH3QkRN0eLlSbRGAl4KZVmSQziRTlVso9g
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze Boxes</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>27/02/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continue with the 'Fuze' Boxes. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To complete tasks for the Fuze Box manual.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I will continue to do so in each lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


 

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt through easiness. My partner was absent that day an so I was grouped with another partner. Me and my 'sub' partner continued. There was a problem though as he and I were at different stages with the Fuze manuals. However, me and Liam found it quite easy (weirdly) and we completed a satisfactory amount of work. This made a difference as to our styles yet we had completed a considerable amount of work. This was an effective strategy as Liam and I had discovered.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We were limited by the constant annoyance of wrong ‘save files’. Also the fact that me and my partner didn’t know much about each other styles and coding lessened our chances of good quality work even more! I need to keep working on ‘the’ easy habit: "to start remembering to save our work onto the pen drive"!!</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will increase the amount of work completed in each lesson as well as remembering to save my work on to the right file. I will also challenge myself to do make my blog look better. Lastly, I will improve my learning by not getting distracted and being focused on the task at hand.

: )</td>
  </tr>
</table>


