---
title: Blog post 6
layout: post
author: emad.rafiq
permalink: /blog-post-6/
source-id: 1_yvvtaYvhQxp9UiMNHzjMkXAgqbtfiG_0gFNd6qm7Vk
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze Boxes</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>06/03/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continue with the 'Fuze' Boxes. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To complete tasks for the Fuze Box manual.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I will continue to do so in each lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


 

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt through easiness. My partner was back that day and so I had to explain last lesson work/ what stage we were at so me and my partner could continue. Me and my partner had not done as much work that we intended to do due to the length of time explaining what he had missed. There was a problem though as he and I were at different stages with the Fuze manuals. However, Josh understood and we continued as though he hadn't missed any lessons at all. We completed a satisfactory amount of work. In the end, we had nearly completed another page, unluckily the bell rang and we weren’t able to finish.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We were limited by the explaining part of Josh’s missed work and the catching up part that he had to skim through (Josh had to skim read the Fuze manual). Also the fact that me and Josh have not quite yet mastered the art of coding yet which lessened our chances of good quantity work. I need to keep reminding myself to save our work onto the pen drive each time we complete a task so that we do not get rid of our quality work. Josh also needs to save the work that we do onto HIS pen-drive just in case I am absent and he can’t continue without our work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will increase the amount of work completed in each lesson as well as remembering to save my work on to the right file. I will also try to keep myself busy by trying make my blog look even better and edit the small errors that are dotted around it my blog. Also, I will improve my learning by not getting distracted and being focused on the task at hand. I will also try to write each blog carefully and with a lot of detail as that would help me a lot in the future. Lastly, I will improve my learning by reading ahead of the manual to get me ahead of the given work.   :)</td>
  </tr>
</table>


