---
title: Blog post 4
layout: post
author: emad.rafiq
permalink: /blog-post-4/
source-id: 1CInIgAhBx-tkRniNypTctp4SDjfmEqCWQUQ2x-NCxl8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Getting To Grips With The 'Fuze' Boxe</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>21/02/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continue with the 'Fuze' Boxes. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To be able to command/control my Fuze Box with code.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes but I will keep continuing with it.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


 

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt through frustration as me and my partner would say a command using the booklet and the committer would type. However, me and Josh found it quite hard (weirdly) and too add to that, we were getting mixed up with the keys. We soon came to a conclusion to just take it a notch down. This made a difference but we had completed a considerable amount of work. This was an effective strategy as Josh and I plan to keep using it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We were limited by the constant annoyance of typing incorrect keys. Also the fact that me and my partner didn't know much about html lessened our chances of good quality work. I need to keep working on this easy habit: "to start remembering to save our work onto the pen drive".</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will increase the amount of work completed in each lesson as well as remembering to keep working on my blog. I will also challenge myself to do make my blog look better. Lastly, I will improve my learning by learning from my mistakes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


